[peaceful music playing]
[Filo] Look! Look!
I can fly in this world!
Since when could she do that?
Seeing her now, she doesn’t
look like a filolial.
Since coming here, she’s lost
a lot of her attack power.
[Filo] This is
a new look on you.
Where’d you get these clothes?
A stranger
gave them to me earlier.
A miko outfit?
Miko?
Well, whatever it is,
you look great!
Raph!
[gasps] Who is that?
Oh, this is a shikigami.
I made it from your hair since
we needed help finding you,
and its name is--
[Filo] Its name is Raphie!
[Raphtalia] Raphie?
- [light footsteps]
- Hmm?
[chuckles]
We only have three days left
’til the Wave.
I was originally summoned
as one of the Cardinal Heroes
in order to defeat
the Emperor Dragon,
who’s known as the king
of monsters in this world,
but Naofumi’s
never heard of such a thing.
He was summoned
in order to fight the Waves.
We’re both Cardinal Heroes,
yet fighting
for different reasons.
I wonder,
what are the Waves like?
And if they’re powerful, am I
strong enough to fight them?
[Chris] Huh?
- [trills]
- What’s the matter, Chris?
[panting] Kizuna!
[Kizuna] Eh?
Damn brat.
She’s nothing but a thief.
Try your best
not to move, Kazuki!
There’s no way I’m
letting it end like this.
[Kyo] Ah, you certainly went
and screwed that up, didn’t you?
Not only did you fail
to get a body for my experiment
by letting them escape,
but you also failed
to take the Katana Vassal Weapon
from behind my back,
all the while letting
that girl steal it from you.
Man, you’re pathetic.
Please, Kazuki,
you can’t move, or you’ll--
Sit back,
and leave the thief to me.
When I find her,
I’ll--[groans]
[screams] Kazuki, no!
- Kazuki! Kazuki!
- I guess that’s why
they were telling you
not to move, dumbass.
Hey, Kyo, what do we do
about the other two,
the Cardinal Hero
from another world
and the new Katana Hero?
Huh? Oh. What to do about them?
Using the Boat
Vassal Weapon, huh?
I’m sure those bastards
are planning on using it
to head back to Sikul.
I’d put
those idiots down myself,
but I’m afraid I’m a bit too
busy with my experiments, so...
I’ll take care of them.
After all, I’ll kill
anyone who’s in your way.
[wind blowing]
[Kizuna] Easy there, Glass.
Squeeze any harder,
and you’ll crush me.
I found you!
After all this time,
I’ll never let go of you again!
- [Chris] Pen!
- Stop it!
You’re killing me.
[both chuckle]
I’m happy for you,
both of you.
[sighs] Thank you.
We’re truly in your debt.
It’s all thanks to your help
that we were able to reunite
Kizuna with Glass once again.
All I was doing was trying
to find Raphtalia and Filo.
I’m glad you found them.
I’m thankful.
We both ended up finding
the people we care about.
Raph, Raph!
Thanks.
Oh, right! I almost forgot.
Naofumi told me
that you guys had met before...
- [gasps]
- but in his world.
You three must have went
while I was gone, right?
Huh?
I kept meaning to ask,
but stuff came up!
What were you guys
doing over there?
Um, well... we were only--
We had to...
[Kizuna] You did what?
What the hell were you thinking?
You invaded their world
when the Waves showed up
and tried to kill them?
I hope you realize
that this makes you
the bad guys here!
[Therese] Please, Kizuna,
try not to be
too upset with Glass.
Just because
I’m talking to Glass
doesn’t mean I’m not upset
with you guys too!
I’m sorry,
but we had no choice.
[chuckles] Ruthless.
Young Master, you are needed.
Very well. Let’s go.
Glad to have you
back again, Kizuna!
We can talk about this later!
And try to enjoy yourselves
while you’re here!
[Kizuna] Hey, get back here,
and explain yourself!
The hell? He acts
like he owns the place.
And "Young Master"?
Oh, that’s because L’Arc
is the young king of Sikul.
Huh?
Since when was L’Arc a king?!
Well I’ll be damned.
Young Master L’Arc, it is.
I’m mad at you too, Naofumi!
Why didn’t you
tell me this earlier?
’Cause it wasn’t
the right time to tell you.
And I had a feeling something
like this would happen if I did.
What kind of reason is that?
You guys are the worst!
You thought by killing
the Cardinal Heroes
in his world,
that it would be able to save
our world from the Waves?!
Do you even know
if that’s true?!
Well, you see--
Even if it is true,
I can’t believe you would try
to do such a horrible thing!
[Therese clears throat]
I’m going to find
another way to do it.
There has to be a way
to save his world and ours
from the Waves
without fighting each other.
And what if there isn’t?
Then what do we do, huh?
[Kizuna] Hmm?
What if there’s no avoiding it
and one of our worlds
has to be destroyed
for the other to live?
If that happens, then...
I’d refuse.
I’m not going to fight
against my friends.
I can’t do that!
And while I don’t know
how to avoid it yet,
I promise you this.
I am going to find a way!
And if I don’t find it,
then I’ll just look again!
Naofumi,
please just help me look.
[gasps]
And while we look,
I can help you beat
that dumb jerk, Kyo.
I want to help you,
Naofumi, so please...
Once we defeat Kyo, we’re
heading straight back home.
There’s not enough time
to find an answer.
[gasps]
But when I get home,
I promise I’ll look into
what I can find
about the Waves again.
Thank you, Naofumi.
[liquid bubbling]
[footsteps approach]
Are you positive?
You really believe that you’re
able to bring him back somehow?
Sure. I told you guys I would,
so why wouldn’t I?
Take a look for yourself.
[gasps] Kazuki!
I want nothing more
than to make
the ones who did this to him
suffer the same fate!
Please, Kyo! Only you can
give us the power to do that!
You have the nerve
to ask me for help
after I went out my way
to heal him?
You two really are a couple
of shitheads, aren’t you?
But I gotta admit,
stupid or not,
at least you two
have some spirit.
[street chatter]
If we’re planning on going
to Kyo’s place to kick his butt,
we’re gonna need to upgrade
our equipment first.
It worked out!
The kiddo and I are
on the same team again.
Glad you made it.
Yeah, and I’m surprised I did
after you ran away
and left your buddies behind,
Your Majesty.
Or should I say, "Young Master"?
Hey, who told you that?
Was it Therese?
Yeah, but it
doesn’t really matter.
I would have found out
at some point anyway.
- [crowd murmuring]
- You seem pretty popular
around here, Young Master.
Come on! Will you stop
calling me that dumb name?
It’s embarrassing!
Sure, whenever you decide
to stop calling me "kiddo."
What? Those are
totally different things!
How so, Young Master?
Stop calling me that, kiddo!
[nervous chuckling]
[music playing]
Would Romina
happen to be here today?
Kizuna, is that you?
I’ve been worried about you.
We’ll talk later, but for now
get me
the best equipment you have!
[chuckles] Good grief.
It’s been years,
and you haven’t
changed at all, have you?
Hey.
I take it you’re all
with Kizuna here, huh?
Pleasure to meet you.
Well, look at that.
Something must be going on
for you two to be here.
So this is
the Katana Vassal Weapon.
This is pretty a dangerous thing
to be bringing into my shop.
I’ll tell you how she got it
some other time.
For now, it needs a sheath
so she’s not walking around
with it out in the open.
Well, you can’t
just take one off the shelf.
It needs to be
custom made for this.
[Kizuna] And this too!
This is all the equipment
Naofumi and his friends
were using
back in their home world.
Can you do something about it?
What is this stuff?
I’ve never seen
anything like it,
but I suppose, if nothing else,
I’ll do what I can with it.
But it’s gonna take me
about a week.
A week? We need it tomorrow!
- Kizuna, that’s impossible!
- Please!
Please, please, please,
please, please, please, please!
That’s funny. It’s like watching
you and the blacksmith
barter back home.
- I thought the same thing.
- [both laugh]
- [rumble]
- [all gasp]
[crowd yelling]
What’s happening?!
Who are you?
My name is Yomogi Emarl!
Prepare yourself,
for in the name of Kyo,
I’ve come to kill you!
You’re doing this for Kyo?
That’s right!
To deliver divine punishment
to the holders of the Cardinal
and Vassal Weapons! [gasps]
How cowardly!
Challenging me to a fight
when you outnumber me!
Wait, weren’t you
the one who attacked us?
Who the hell is this lady?
Whatever you’re doing,
can you do it outside town?
Silence, you foul vermin!
Outnumbered or not,
I will prevail!
Now die!
Here I go!
[music playing]
[Filo] These songs should be
able to help you guys out.
[vocalizing]
Thanks for the help!
[laughs]
[grunts]
I came here with only my blade,
so shouldn’t you try
to fight me all by yourself?
Oh, I didn’t think of that.
Good point.
Don’t agree with her, Rishia!
[gasps]
Aha! I knew it!
Kizuna, just fall back,
and provide support!
That’s mean!
This is fine, though.
If I can kill you all here,
it’ll save me from having
to hunt you down later!
I’ll finish you all here!
If you say so.
Let her have it Raphtalia.
Understood.
Take this! Instant Blade: Mist!
Thunder Sword!
That sword of hers...
- I’m just getting started!
- [gasps]
Meteor Shield!
[Yomogi grunts]
Directional Blade of Heaven!
Wow! She really is strong!
[pants]
If I weren’t outnumbered,
this would have
gone differently.
There’s something I don’t like
about the way you said that.
That’s not quite right.
You’re outnumbered
and outmatched.
I should have known
they’d fight in town anyway.
What an attack.
[L’Arc chuckles]
I enjoyed myself when we
tried to kill each other,
but it feels a whole lot better
to be fighting
on the same side, Naofumi.
[chuckles]
I’m more than okay to do
either one of those, L’Arc.
Heh! Yeah, right?
[yelling]
Bejeweled Blizzard!
Zero-Stance Rondo:
Reverse Four Seasons!
[grunts]
[yells]
[music playing]
[panting]
Look. What is her sword doing?
Whatever it’s doing,
it doesn’t look good.
I refuse.
I refuse anything
but my victory!
Hey! Uh, your name
is Yomogi, isn’t it?
Listen, if you
don’t want to die,
you have to throw
that sword away!
What a childish way
to get me to surrender!
Kyo made me this sword!
Therefore, I could never
fathom letting go of it!
Kyo’s the one who made that?
Well, that makes this all
even worse!
That’s right. And I don’t want
to be here for what’s next.
I couldn’t agree more. Therese!
[gasps]
Bejeweled Thunderstorm!
Combo Skill:
Thunderbolt Wheel Swing!
[yells]
[gasping]
What’s happening to me?
That’s bad.
Bait Lure!
[yelps]
Blood Flower Strike!
Circle Dance Attack Formation:
Flower Blizzard!
[Naofumi] Get down!
[gasps]
[scoffs] Kill me!
Whoa, I had no idea.
People actually say that?
You just saw for yourself,
didn’t you?
Couldn’t kill anyone
if I wanted to.
[sighs]
Judging from the looks of it,
Kyo wanted to kill
both you and us
with that crazy sword of his.
[gasps]
No, that’s impossible!
Kyo would never do
something like that to me!
[Naofumi] Really, now?
’Cause that sounds
exactly like the sort of thing
he would do.
Shut your mouth! That means you
don’t know anything about Kyo!
And even if he were to do that,
it would be to make sacrifices
for his noble goal, that’s all!
Just curious. What is
this noble goal of Kyo’s, then?
[gasps]
You’re one of the Four
Cardinal Heroes, aren’t you?
Then you know what Kyo is after.
I don’t have to tell you.
Nope, I have no idea
what he wants.
What Kyo wants
is to stop the Waves.
Huh?
What are you doing?
You’re going to get us killed,
Kizuna.
Relax. I’m just
gonna talk to her!
What if she has
a solution to stop the Waves
that we don’t know about yet?
That makes perfect sense,
but why did you have
to bring her to our house
when we could talk to her
in the castle’s
interrogation rooms?
She would never tell us anything
if we tried to talk to her
in a place like that.
She needs to know
we’re not her enemies,
so talking like this
is our best bet.
[gasps]
Kizuna, we are her enemy!
You only say that
because you haven’t experienced
what Kyo does firsthand!
I might not have been there
to see it happen,
but I still know everything
from what you told me.
And sure, what he’s done
might be terrible, but still...
if he’s like us,
if he wants to save the world
from the Waves,
then we may be able
to solve this whole ordeal
without fighting,
by just talking with him!
You don’t get it.
Kyo couldn’t care less
about what happens
to our world or anyone else’s!
That’s why he killed Ost
and so many others
from our world!
[grumbles] I get that!
But I want to know the truth
behind everything,
behind the Waves, and if there
is a way to put an end to them
without having
to destroy your world!
[Naofumi groans]
[grumbles]
Do whatever you want.
I’m gonna go finish
getting ready
for the assault on Kyo’s base.
Yeah, go do that.
At the very least, make sure
she tells us where his base is.
Of course! Leave it to me.
Would you guys mind
showing Naofumi around the town
while I talk to her for a bit?
I’d be glad to.
You haven’t gone
totally crazy, right?
No, I’m fine, L’Arc.
All right, then.
Find a place to sit and relax.
[sighs]
Man, it’s been years
since I’ve been back here.
Still, I can’t believe
how clean it is.
The others must have kept it up
while I was in the Labyrinth.
[pouring liquid]
[sighs]
Here you go.
What’s wrong? You’re more
than welcome to take a seat.
- I’m shocked.
- Huh?
I wondered what the base
of Kyo’s enemies looked like.
I thought it would
look more malicious,
but this is completely normal.
[chuckles] Take a seat!
While it’s different
in many ways,
this place reminds me
of being back home a bit.
- Really?
- Yes.
It reminds me of the place
Kyo and I grew up.
You don’t have to tell me
anything you don’t want to,
but I’m curious about that,
about you two.
Can you tell me more about it?
When we were younger,
we were childhood friends.
[somber music playing]
Kyo was always a strange child.
He never played with anyone,
and he wore strange clothes.
But when I would talk to him,
he would start telling me
all kinds of fascinating things,
about the books he read,
his country, and even the Waves.
[Kizuna] He knew
about the Waves?
Yes. You see,
Kyo showed his genius
from an early age.
He looked up whatever
he didn’t know on his own
until he knew everything.
[singer vocalizing]
I took a liking to him
and learned many things myself
alongside him.
Maybe it was the way
he talked about it all,
but the more I learned from him
and heard what he had to say,
the more I started wanting
to help him.
I’m not smart like him, though,
so all I could do
was be his loyal bodyguard.
I know more than anyone else
what Kyo is truly like,
but I’m guilty of seeing him
go too far and just ignoring it.
Does he do it
for his "noble goal"
of one day
stopping the Waves for good?
Correct. But still...
the faces they made when they
said his name earlier,
did he do something
to make them hate him so much?
Because it seemed like it.
Is he doing things that would
put him beyond redemption,
in a place
I’m just too blind to see?
If that’s true,
even if we stop the Waves,
it won’t matter!
If he’s lost his way,
I want to stop him!
This is perfect then,
’cause I know I can help you.
We don’t just want to fight.
We want to talk to Kyo
more than anything.
You have my thanks.
However, if what
he’s done is horrible,
he must atone for his sins.
Are you sure?
But he’s your friend.
Or at least
he was at one point.
That’s exactly why!
Even if it means being
put to death, he must atone,
and I’ll suffer
right alongside him!
How noble of you.
[street chatter]
Against all odds,
I did what you said
and finished in a night!
Maybe it’s me,
but the crystal on the chest
seems a bit bigger than before.
That’s ’cause I combined it
with the crystal from
the Emperor Dragon you defeated.
And with that crystal,
you shouldn’t have
any problem at all
using your armor here.
I used the bones and skin
of the Emperor Dragon
and Guardian Beast
to make that armor.
Getting those materials
to work together was tough.
What exactly is
an Emperor Dragon?
Oh, he’s the king of monsters
that I defeated.
Glass and I even use
its materials in our weapons.
No kidding.
Thank you for your hard work.
I went ahead
and tailored that outfit
to fit the bird girl too.
It should increase
her attack power a bit.
[Naofumi] Hey, you’re right.
With this, Filo will
be able to fight again.
Ohh!
Awesome! Great job, Romina.
You might not be saying that
when you see the bill.
Eh?
[winces]
- Here you go, Young Master.
- Huh?!
What the hell?
’Cause your nation’s
the one that’s in danger,
so it’s only fair
the young master of Sikul pays.
All right, fine! Just go ahead
and send the bill
to the castle, Romina!
Being the young master’s tough,
isn’t it?
Quit calling me that, kiddo!
If something
does end up going wrong,
I’ll use my portal skill,
Return Codex,
to jump with you, all right?
[sighs]
If we succeed
in stopping Kyo here,
we might be able
to avoid a war breaking out.
Yes, but remember
the next Wave is approaching,
so we need to make a move
before it arrives.
Well, we’ve got
a little time left. It’s fine.
Huh?
What’s the matter?
Oh, no. The Wave countdown...
Divergent worlds
ruled by different laws
shatter both
of their independent barriers
and manifest its power here!
[chorus vocalizing]
At last it’s been completed!
The Wave of Calamity!
Dimension Wave!
[clock chimes]
- [shudders]
- [Glass] What is this?
[Naofumi]
You gotta be kidding me.
[Therese] But how?
There was still time left
on the countdown timer!
What’s happening?
[gasps] Kizuna!
[yelps] Naofumi!
[vocalizing continues]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Yomogi?
That’s Kyo’s lab.
Which means
he lied to me earlier.
Kyo was never trying
to stop the Waves!
He wasn’t!
Instead, he was trying
to create one of them
to use for himself!
[all gasp]
So then this...
this is what Naofumi, Glass,
and the others were fighting...
the Waves.